[#69] Created Jetpack compose navigation sample (#70)
bumble-tech/appyx: samples/navigation-compose/README.md

# Appyx sample - Navigation Compose

This sample demonstrates how to use Appyx within Google's Jetpack Compose Navigation library.

> This example may be useful if you need to migrate to Appyx gradually.

Reviewer: ?

```suggestion
This example may be useful if:

- You want to to use some `RoutingSources` in your non-Appyx app
- You want to migrate to Appyx gradually
```

Author: done
